Come on, let's keep drinking.
Vice President Chen could be here.
You dare to be so arrogant, don t you always want to separate from me?
I'll make this clear to your parents.
What you're saying is true.
Why? What do you ask?
Come on, let's keep drinking.
Shen Long, what did you say to Liu Dazhuang?
I gave him 10% of my shares.
Change your freedom.
Why are you so stupid?
The Sea of Clouds project is currently thriving.
Every dry stock is real gold and silver.
Liao Dai Trang sent me the stake in hand.
But he'll never get a 10% stake.
It can be exchanged for your freedom.
It's worth it. Where are you?
I'm looking for you.
Ah.
I don't need it anymore.
I'll come back for you.